5% of the people think; 10% of people think they think and the other 85% would rather die than think. -Thomas A. Edison
99% of failures come from people who make excuses. -George Washington
A child miseducated is a child lost. -John F. Kennedy
A journey to Thousand miles begins with one step. -John F. Kennedy
A man is like a fraction whose numerator is what he is and whose denominator is what he thinks of himself. The larger the denominator, the smaller the fraction. -Leo Tolstoy
A man is the product of his thoughts. What he thinks, he becomes. -Martin Luther King
A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. Ideas have endurance without death. -John F. Kennedy
A man who won't die for something is not fit to live. -Martin Luther King
A No uttered from deepest conviction is better than a YES merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble. -Mahatma Gandhi
A right delayed is a right denied. -Martin Luther King
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. -George S. Patton
Act in such a way that you treat humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, never merely as a means to an end, but always at the same time as an end. -Immanuel Kant
All persons ought to endeavor to follow what is right, and not what is established. -Aristotle
Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well -Mahatma Gandhi
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind. -Mahatma Gandhi
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest. -Benjamin Franklin
Any fool can know. The point is to understand -Einstein
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -Einstein
Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country. -John F. Kennedy
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
Before you do anything, stop and recall the face of the poorest most helpless destitute person you have seen and ask yourself, Is What I am about to do going to help him? -Martin Luther King
Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves. -Confucius
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense. -Gautam Buddha
Blind belief in authority is the greatest enemy of truth. -Einstein
By all means marry; if you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher. -Socrates
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Classic - a book people praise but don't learn. -Mark Twain
Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous. -Einstein
Compassion is the basis of morality. -Arthur Schopenhauer
Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth -John F. Kennedy
Consideration for others is the basis of a good life and good society. -Confucius
Dante, said that hottest place in hell are reserved for those who in a period of moral crisis maintain their neutrality. -Martin Luther King
Darkness can't drive out darkness, only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate, only love can do that. -Martin Luther King
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing. -Thomas Jefferson
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves. -Henry David Thoreau
Do not allow someone to make you feel like you're not good enough.
Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it. Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many. Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books. Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders. Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations. But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it. -Gautam Buddha
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric. -Bertrand Russell
Do not give Up, the Beginning is Always the Hardest.
Do What is Right, Not What is Easy
Don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. -Confucius
Don't Limit Your Challenges Challenge Your Limit.
Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein. -Einstein
Don't Stop when You are Tired. Stop when You are Done!
Don't watch the clock; Do what it does. Keep going.
Doubt everything. Find your own light. -Gautam Buddha
Dreams are touchstones of our characters. -Henry David Thoreau
Dreams do not Work until You do.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise. -Benjamin Franklin
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed. -Mahatma Gandhi
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all. -Aristotle
Education is the most Powerful Weapon which you can use to Change The World. - Nelson Mandela
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. -Einstein
Either write worth reading or do something worth writing. -Benjamin Franklin
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world. -Arthur Schopenhauer
Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. -Gautam Buddha
Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid. -Einstein
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. -Leo Tolstoy
Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler. -Einstein
Everything you want is on the other end of Fear.
Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase. -Martin Luther King
Few men have virtue to withstand the highest bidder -George Washington
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win. -Martin Luther King
First they ignore you, then they ridicule you, then they fight you, and then you win -Mahatma Gandhi
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names. -John F. Kennedy
Genius is 1% inspiration, 99% perspiration. -Thomas A. Edison
Genius is 1% talent and 99% percent hard work. -Einstein
Give a bowl of rice to a man and you will feed him for a day. Teach him how to grow his own rice and you will save his life. -Confucius
God created war so that Americans would learn Geography. -Mark Twain
God has no religion. -Mahatma Gandhi
Good fortune happens when opportunity meets preparation. -Thomas A. Edison
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love. -Einstein
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds -Einstein
Happiness is when what you think, what you say and what you do are in harmony. -Mahatma Gandhi
He that can have patience can have what he will. -Benjamin Franklin
He who is Afraid of asking is Ashamed of Learning. -Danish Proverb
He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have. -Socrates
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles. -Confucius
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom. -Thomas Jefferson
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them? -Gautam Buddha
Human happiness and moral duty are inseparably connected -George Washington
I am a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it. -Thomas Jefferson
I can't live without books. -Thomas Jefferson
I did not come this far, to only come this far.
I do not fear death, I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it. -Mark Twain
I have failed at times. But I never stopped trying. -Rahul Dravid
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious. -Einstein
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that don't work. -Thomas A. Edison
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. -Einstein
I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. -Henry David Thoreau
I measure the progress of a community by the degree of progress which women have achieved. -B. R. Ambedkar
I never did a day's work in my life, it was all fun. -Thomas A. Edison
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university. -Einstein
If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign? -Einstein
If a man is called to be a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as a Michaelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well. -Martin Luther King
If everyone is thinking alike then no one is thinking. -Benjamin Franklin
If freedom of speech is taken away, then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter. -George Washington
If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way. -Martin Luther King
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed. -Einstein
If there is any religion that could respond to the needs of modern science, it would be Buddhism -Einstein
If there were in the world today any large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others, we could have paradise in a few years. -Bertrand Russell
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself. -Einstein
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever may you do you have to keep moving forward. -Martin Luther King
If you have never tried, how will you ever know if there's any chance. - Jack Ma
If you Quit once, it becomes a Habit. Do not Quit! - Michael Jordan
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything -Mark Twain
If you want something you've never had, then you've got to do something you've never done.
If you want to achieve something in life, you have to take risks. -Dipa Karmakar
If your plan is for one year plant rice. If your plan is for ten years plant trees. If your plan is for one hundred years educate children. -Confucius
Imagination is more important than knowledge. -Einstein
In a gentle way you can shake the world. -Mahatma Gandhi
In doing something, do it with love or never do it at all. -Mahatma Gandhi
In matter of conscience, the law of majority has no place. -Martin Luther King
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity -Einstein
Independence is my happiness; the world is my country; to do good my religion. -Thomas Paine
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere -Martin Luther King
Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle. -Benjamin Franklin
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. -Confucius
It has always been a mystery to me how men can feel themselves honoured by the humiliation of their fellow beings. -Martin Luther King
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare. -Mark Twain
It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer. -Einstein
It is the first responsibility of every citizen to question authority. -Benjamin Franklin
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. -Charles Dickens
It's a universal law -- intolerance is the first sign of an inadequate education. An ill educted person behaves with arrogant impatience, whereas truly profound education breeds humility. -Confuciu
It's the action and not the fruit of the action which is important. -Martin Luther King
Justice will not be served until those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are. -Benjamin Franklin
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. -Mark Twain
Know thyself. -Socrates
Knowledge is in every country the surest basis of public happiness. -George Washington
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. -Einstein
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. -Einstein
Life should be great rather than long. -B. R. Ambedkar
Life's most persisten and urgent question is : 'What are you doing for others?' -Martin Luther King
Lightning makes no sound until it strikes. -Martin Luther King
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere. -Einstein
Longing for love, search for knowledge and unbearable pity for the suffering of the mankind. -Bertrand Russell
Lost time is never found again. -Benjamin Franklin
Love is the only force capable of tranforming an enemy to a friend. -Martin Luther King
Mankind must put an end to war - or war will put an end to mankind -John F. Kennedy
Many of life's failures are people who did not realise how close they were to success when they gave up. -Thomas A. Edison
Motivation is what gets you started, Habit is what keeps you going.
My Life is My Message -Mahatma Gandhi
My mother was the most beautiful woman I ever saw. All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her -George Washington
Never forget that everything Hitler did in Germany was legal. -Martin Luther King
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way. -Henry David Thoreau
Never memorize something that you can look up. -Einstein
Never, never be afraid to do what's right, especially if the well-being of a person or animal is at stake. Society's punishments are small compared to the wounds we inflict on our soul when we look the other way. -Martin Luther King
No great mind ever existed without a touch of madness. -Aristotle
Non cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good. -Martin Luther King
Not everybody can be famous but everybody can be great, because greatness is determined by service. -Martin Luther King
Not to be absolutely certain, is one of the essential things in rationality. -Bertrand Russell
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
On matters of style, swim with the current, on matters of principle stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
One has a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws. -Martin Luther King
One person can make a difference, and everyone should try -John F. Kennedy
One should use common words to say uncommon things. -Arthur Schopenhauer
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. -Einstein
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible -Einstein
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -Thomas A. Edison
Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify. -Henry David Thoreau
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -Martin Luther King
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men. -Martin Luther King
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. -Aristotle
Poverty is the parent of revolution and crime -Aristotle
Poverty is the worst form of violence. -Mahatma Gandhi
Public opinion alone can keep a society pure and healthy. -Martin Luther King
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Rarest of all human quality is consistency. -Bentham
Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think. -Arthur Schopenhauer
Remember that Guy who gave Up? Neither does Anybody Else.
Seven Deadly Sins. Wealth without work; Pleasure without conscience; Science without humanity; Knowledge without character; Politics without principle; Commerce without morality; Worship without sacrifice. -Mahatma Gandhi
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will -Mahatma Gandhi
Teachers Open the Door, but you must Enter by Yourself. - Chinese Proverb
The beginning is the most important part of the work. -Plato
The best way to cheer up yourself is to try to cheer someone else up. -Mark Twain
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough. -Tagore
The Chinese use two brush strokes to write the word 'crisis.' One brush stroke stands for danger; the other for opportunity. In a crisis, be aware of the danger but recognize the opportunity. -John F. Kennedy
The Difference between Ordinary and Extraordinary is that Little Extra.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems. -Mahatma Gandhi
The Expert in anything was once a Beginner.
The fundamental cause of the trouble is that in modern world the stupids are cocksure while the intelligent are full of doubt. -Bertrand Russell
The future depends on what you do today -Mahatma Gandhi
The hardest thing in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn. -Bertrand Russell
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax. -Einstein
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life. -Confucius
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read. -Mark Twain
The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark. -Thomas Paine
The most necessary task of civilization is to teach people how to think. It should be the primary purpose of our public schools. The mind of a child is naturally active, it develops through exercise. Give a child plenty of exercise, for body and brain. The trouble with our way of educating is that it does not give elasticity to the mind. It casts the brain into a mold. It insists that the child must accept. It does not encourage original thought or reasoning, and it lays more stress on memory than observation. -Thomas A. Edison
The only thing we have to fear is the fear itself. -Franklin Roosevelt
The Past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
The rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened. -John F. Kennedy
The Secret to Getting Ahead is Getting Started.
The simplest acts of kindness are by far more powerful then a thousand heads bowing in prayer. -Mahatma Gandhi
The Struggle you're in Today is developing the Strength you need for Tomorrow.
The supreme reality of our time is the vulnerability of our planet. -John F. Kennedy
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much, it is whether we provide enough for those who have litte. -Franklin Roosevelt
The time is always right to do the right thing. -Martin Luther King
The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives. -Einstein
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. -Martin Luther King
The unexamined life is not worth living. -Socrates
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. -Martin Luther King
The whole is greater than sum of its parts. -Aristotle
The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd. The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has ever been before. -Einstein
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking. -Einstein
The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it. -Einstein
There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread -Mahatma Gandhi
There are two ways to live your life. One is though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. -Einstein
There comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular but he must take it because -Martin Luther King
There comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but he must take it because conscience tells him it is right. -Martin Luther King
There comes a time when silence is betrayal -Martin Luther King
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
There is No Substitute for Hard Work. - Thomas Edison
There is only one good, knowledge and one evil ignorance. -Socrates
Things do not change, we change. -Henry David Thoreau
This world is but a convas for our imagination. -Henry David Thoreau
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly. -John F. Kennedy
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedm must undergo the fatigues of supporting it. -Thomas Paine
To believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest. -Mahatma Gandhi
To get rid of enemy one must love him. -Leo Tolstoy
To my mind, the life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being -Mahatma Gandhi
To those whom much is given, much is expected -John F. Kennedy
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value. -Einstein
Victory attained by violence is tantamount to defeat, for it is temporary. -Martin Luther King
War does not determine who is right - only who is left. -Bertrand Russell
Wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows -Martin Luther King
We all know that light travels faster than sound. That's why certain people appear bright until you hear them speak -Einstein
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore , is not an act, but a habit. -Aristotle
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. -Martin Luther King
We need men who can dream of things that never were. -John F. Kennedy
What a sad era when it is easier to smash an atom than a prejudice -Einstein
What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right. -Einstein
What you are looking for is not out there. It's in You.
Whatever is the right as a man is also the right of another; and it becomes my duty to guarantee as well as to possess. -Thomas Paine
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity. -Einstein
When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't -Thomas A. Edison
Without debate, without criticism no administration and no country can succeed and no republic can survive. -John F. Kennedy
Wrong does not cease to be wrong because the majority share in it. -Leo Tolstoy
You are Capable of more than You Know.
You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind. -Mahatma Gandhi
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. -Rabindranath Tagore
You may delay but time will not. -Benjamin Franklin
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty -Mahatma Gandhi
You never fail until you stop trying. -Einstein
Your beliefs become your thoughts; Your thoughts become your words; Your words become your actions; Your actions become your habits; Your habits become your values; Your values become your destiny -Mahatma Gandhi
The more that you read, the more things you will know.The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go. —Dr. Seuss, I Can Read with My Eyes Shut!
Our desire to be a king should be proportional to the intensity of our efforts.
Don't watch the clock when you are working. Watch it when yo're not.
When no effort is put into the learning process, it doesn’t last very long.

